So we've been through a lot today, right?
We've gone from the beginning,
from scratch,
learning about the core functionalities,
a view that really drive Nuxt.
And then, we started really diving into
the fundamentals about what makes Nuxt
really powerful.
And so that's whether that's page-based
routing, the composables they provide for
us, there's honestly a heck of
a lot more that we can cover.
But I hope that with this, you feel a lot
more comfortable as far as exploring
the dots and starting to
experiment with things yourself.
But as far as some things I
do wanna call out, right,
cuz from here, you got so
many Nuxt things to explore.
Remember what I told you Nuxt has
the nitro back end engine that they're
working with.
Well, basically, they came up with a way
that if you add a server folder to
your project, you basically get
a back end that scaffold it for you.
So you actually create API's with that,
and
actually it runs a whole node server for
you with API calls.
And it can store stuff and
update things, it's ridiculous.
And that, once again,
could be a workshop all in and of itself.
But once again, that's one of those
things, where if that's something you
start to reach for, where you start
to do more full stack Nuxt things.
And you wanna explore what that's like,
then server ware, middleware, and
authentication, all this
stuff you have what you
need to start basically exploring that and
trying things out.
But again, it's not something
that everyone deals with, so
that's why this is not being
covered in this particular one.
The one thing I do,
wanna make sure that I do have kind of
a brief pitch on the however
on Nuxt modules,
which is one of the best things
about the Nuxt ecosystem.
And so two particular modules that I
do wanna call out is Nuxt Content.
And so Nuxts content, basically think of
them like plugins into your Nuxt library.
So you would basically say, hey,
I'm gonna install Nuxt Content, and
I'm gonna enable it.
And what this does is Nuxt was really
brilliant in this regard in terms of
all you do is you create a content
folder inside of your directory.
And they can contain any sort of
static files like markdown files,
CSV files, JSON files.
And what it does is it
makes it really easy for
you to easily parse those things into
your page views, so you can imagine.
So to show you actually
a live example of that,
let me go to my GitHub for
my personal site.
This is an older implementation of it, but
it will definitely demonstrate the point.
You'll see here that
inside of my content blog,
I have a ton of different markdown files.
And typically,
when it comes to rendering markdown files,
you have to get a markdown rendering
engine, you have to grab it,
you have to parse it,
there's a lot of things you gotta do.
But with the way the Nuxt Content works,
all I gotta do is inside of my page for
my blog for the slug.
You'll notice that all I have to do is
grab all of my content from that folder.
And then what it does is it makes it so
easy for me to render,
because it provides this global
component called nuxt-content.
It passes the document as a data, and
it just renders everything correctly.
And even to the point, where you can
actually put view components inside of
markdown files in you all know how
to actually register those things.
It's serious, it's ridiculous
how much power comes with that.
And it's highly recommended for anyone
looking to build their own personal site
in Nuxt, and try out some blogging
features and that kind of thing.
And so they did an absolute
phenomenal job with that, so
keep an eye out on Nuxt-content.
The other one that I think is really
worth keeping an eye on is Nuxt image.
And so this is a DX improvement on
the whole concept of image processing.
Because as we all know, right, images
are a big issue when it comes to payload.
But when you have Nuxt image,
I saw this in an earlier build, so
I know this is basically
the direction they're heading.
The way it works is you basically call
this global component called Nuxt image,
and you pass in the path of
whatever the image is, right?
And so this case, it's nuxt-icon.png.
Well, what that actually will do is that
if you pass a different property, so
we come down here, and we say, IF, these
are placeholders for high quality width or
even things, let me see,
we may go down a little bit.
Responsive sizes at viewport with
small do 100 viewport width,
then medium 50 viewport width,
large 400 pixels,
what it'll actually do is
it'll actually go out.
And wait,
[SOUND] it will actually go out and
cut all the images to
the sizes that you specified.
And then I'll put the correct elements
that then show the source set on all of
those things configured correctly so that
you don't have to do any work beyond that.
And taking that image processing off of
my plate., that's huge for developers.
Because oftentimes this is something
you have outsource to a different third
party service, or
you have to build your own special thing.
But with Nuxt image, and that being built
in, it's just as easy as saying on this
component for this image, generate these
specific sizes, it'll just do it for you.
And the syntax is actually quite fun to
work with once you start figuring out what
you're looking for.
And I'm so excited for
the things that are coming out with.
And so the other thing to realize about
a lot of these, Nuxt modules is the Nuxt
team is aware that a lot of these
things are not just Nuxt problems.
These are things that overall are things
that all frameworks are dealing with.
So if you haven't heard of unjs,
this is their GitHub, here we go.
And so unjs is their way of public,
they're basically JavaScript
modules to solve these various
problems that could theoretically
be ported to other frameworks.
it's just a nice image and Nuxt Content
have that branding, and obviously,
they're like Nuxt as
a first class citizen.
But otherwise, unjs is a repo that's kind
of worth watching if you're looking for
basically your third party,
a Java open source.
JavaScript library,
you just wanna import and use, and
then you can walk away from it.
Thanks everyone for spending the time with
me today, it's been an absolute blast.
Once again, my name's Ben Hong.
If you're looking for me on any of
the internet things, I'm under the moniker
bencodezen, and so happy to chat with you
all as you have more questions about Nuxt.
So honestly, please feel free
to reach out, my DMs are open.
And so really appreciate you all
spending the time with me today, and
I guess with that, till next time.
>> [APPLAUSE]